﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿# Contributing to hit-1170301027Firstly, thanks for your interest in contributing! I hope that this will be a pleasant experience for you, and that you will return to continuecontributing.## How Can I Contribute?Most of the contributions that we receive are code contributions, but you canalso contribute to the documentation, wiki, etc., or simply report solid bugsfor us to fix.### Reporting BugsPlease review our [ Bug Writing Guidelines](https://bz.apache.org/bugzilla/page.cgi?id=bug-writing.html) on how tosubmit a bug report. This page also has links to other resources to assistyou.### Your First Code ContributionUnsure where to begin contributing to Atom? You can start by looking through these beginner and help-wanted issues: * Beginner issues - issues which should only require a few lines of code, and a test or two.* Help wanted issues - issues which should be a bit more involved than beginner issues. Both issue lists are sorted by total number of comments. While not perfect, number of comments is a reasonable proxy for impact a given change will have.### Trouble Deciding How to Contribute?Maybe you can use every### How to Provide Your First PatchExcited yet? This section will guide you through providing a patch to thecommitters of the project for review and acceptance.##### Choose Your Method of SubmissionYou can provide a patch in one of the following ways (in order of preference):* GitHub Pull Request* Patch attachment to the Bugzilla issue##### Get the SourcesNow that you've chosen how you want to submit a patch, you need to get thesource code.##### Manual Patch GenerationIf you have chosen to attach a patch to the Bugzilla issue (or emailone), then you'll need to download the sources as noted above, make yourdesired changes and then manually generate your patch using diff (otherother tool).##### GitHubTo submit a GitHub Pull Request you'll need to fork the[repository](https://github.com/1170301027/hit-1170301027), clone your fork to do the work:```$ git clone https://github.com/$USERNAME/hit-$USERID.git```and then push your changes, and submit a Pull Request via the GitHub UI.#### Submitting Your Patch!After you've chosen your method of submission, retrieved the sources, andfixed the issue it's time to submit your work. At this point, just followthe method of submission you chose earlier.* GitHub PR - after resolving the issue in your local fork and pushing to yourcopy of the repository, open a GitHub PR for review.* Bugzilla attachment - attach the patch to the Bugzilla issue#### Waiting For FeedbackIt may take a while for committers to review. Please be patient during thistime as all committers are volunteers on the project. If a significant amountof time has lapsed since your submission, such as a couple of months, feel freeto either update your BZ, PR to bump yourissue. Sometimes things get lost in all the work and we need a reminder :smile:## Style Guidehit-1170301027 has very loosely defined coding conventions, but the followingguidelines will be useful:* Use spaces for indenting, not tabs* 100 char line width for Java source, 80 char line width for documentationsource (.txt, .xml)* Java source: { at end of line, 4 space indents* XML source: 2 space indents## Did we miss something?Have you reviewed this guide and found it lacking? Or are you confused aboutsome particular step? If so, please let us know! Or better yet, submit a PR toaddress the issue :wink: